8.20 Astro Release (#4064)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## August 20, 2024

### Additional improvements

> - Added the ability to specify Custom Workload Identity when creating an AWS Deployment through the Astro UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to specify Custom Workload Identity at deployment creation time when creating an AWS deployments.
```
